#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%Latex likes to make ligatures from ff, fi, fl which breaks text manipulation (searching and copying)
\usepackage{microtype}
\DisableLigatures[f]{encoding = *, family = * }

%% Put visual box around \input's (e.g. snippets, tables) for easier checking. (LaTeX will already complain if file doesn't exist.) Won't work if \begin{centering}...\end{centering} in inputted file.
%\let\oldinput\input
%\renewcommand{\input}[1]{\fbox{\oldinput{#1}}} %uncomment this to turn on

% link DOIs in references section
\usepackage{doi}

%to allow the \begin{adjustwidth}
\usepackage[strict]{changepage}

%Allows for Color bars along margins. Do \cbstart and \cbend.
\usepackage{changebar}

%allows a \FloatBarrier
\usepackage{placeins}

%allows you to use pbox in tables (to wrap cells with long text) (tables often via input)
\usepackage{pbox}
\usepackage{makecell}
\usepackage{multirow}

\usepackage{booktabs} %used for nicer tables
% Easily make booktabs having double ruling
%  (can also be used to make them look like other tables)
%\renewcommand{\toprule}{\hline\hline}
%\renewcommand{\bottomrule}{\hline\hline}

%Put all floats at the end. Options:
%\usepackage[nolists]{endfloat}
%Allow multiple floats per page at the end
%\renewcommand{\efloatseparator}{\vfill}

%%% Normalize PDF
\pdfsuppressptexinfo15 %Suppress info of imported PDFs
\pdftrailerid{} %Remove ID (or insert # to try to deterministically seed the ID generation)

%% Remove dates and production details
\hypersetup{pdfinfo={ Creator={}, Producer={},ModDate={...},CreationDate={...} }}
% hyperref usually also sets Author, Title, Subject(blank), Keywords(blank)
%NB: Can't reproduce the completely empty dates with hyperref (could use subset of \pdfinfo)

%If you don't use hyperref, use the following line instead. Hyperref "resets" them (duplicates in the output)
%\pdfinfo{ /Creator ()  /Producer () /ModDate ()  /CreationDate () } 
%Could also do (But MiKTeX doesn't set} Title, Author, Subject, and Keywords
\end_preamble
\options round
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3.5cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3.5cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
DS3: Week 3 - Homework 3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Brian Quistorff
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
2017-06-28
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Write a Pre-Analysis Plan for studying the SAT data.
 We'll use 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
target "https://aspredicted.org"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Look at the questions asked AsPredicted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Discuss with your partner some scientific hypotheses (one to three) you
 would like to investigate concerning SAT
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Detail the statistical tests you would do to investigate these scientific
 hypothesis (don't do them yet).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Write this up and post to AsPredicted.
 You can keep this private forever you want (read the documentation).
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Write an analysis.Rmd that conducts the analysis and generates some figures.
 Output the figures the statistical results to a RData file.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Create a writeup.Rmd that summarizes the research (this can built off of
 the PAP).
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
State the scientific hypotheses you are looking and why those interesting
 or important.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Show the results from the statistical analyses and the figures from the
 saved files.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Discuss the conclusions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Add an appendix with all the details you can think of for the data.
 Where did it come from? What was the situation like for students and teachers
 then?
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Create a makefile with recipes for generating the files.
 Write a readme.md to note dependencies and how to build.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
